[TF-23543] Patch Terraform Tool Version with Archs (#1047)
hashicorp/go-tfe: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

## Bug fixes

> * Adds `Archs` field to update ToolVersions and includes architecture fields in responses. This provides BETA support, which is EXPERIMENTAL, SUBJECT TO CHANGE, and may not be available to all users by @kelsi-hoyle [#1047](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-tfe/pull/1047)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds `AdminTerraformVersionUpdateOptions` to `AdminTerraformVersionUpdateOptions` and `AdminTerraformVersion`. This provides BETA support, which is EXPERIMENTAL, SUBJECT TO CHANGE, and may not be available to all users by @kelsi-hoyle [#1047](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-tfe/pull/1047)
```
